Chapter 3:

It was nearing noon when they reached the cliff. Corin could see the village in the distance, and he took a deep breath as he stared out at it.
"Here we are," Jonah said, grinning.
"The cliff," Elise said, stepping forward. "It's beautiful."
"I've always loved this place," Corin replied, turning to look at her. "It's peaceful and quiet."
"I can see why," Elise said.
"What do you think of it?" Jonah asked, smiling.
"I think it's perfect," Elise said, smiling back at him.
"Perfect," Jonah repeated, shaking his head. "You're such a girl."
Elise laughed. "Maybe I am. But I like it here."
"We come here all the time," Corin said, glancing at Jonah. "When we want to be alone."
"I can see why," Elise replied, her gaze wandering over the cliff. "It's peaceful."
Jonah looks at Elise wondering why she come with Corin. He has never seen her before, and she seems so different from Corin. It's almost as if she's not from Vernian.
But he doesn't say anything, not wanting to make Corin uncomfortable. If Corin wanted to talk about the girl, he would.
Corin glances at Jonah, then looks away. "Why did you want to come here?"
"I wanted to show you something," Elise said, reaching into her pocket. "Something that I think will help you understand what I'm trying to tell you."
"What are you trying to tell me?" Corin asks, frowning.
"I told you yesterday," Elise says. "You're an Ethernode."
"No."
Elise nods. "Yes. You are."
"I'm not."
"You're an Ethernode," Elise insists, pulling out a gemstone.
"What's that?" Corin asks, staring at the stone.
"It's a focus stone," Elise replies, smiling. "It's special. I've had it for a long time."
"What does it do?" Jonah asks, peering at the gem.
"It allows the holder to control ethereal energies," Elise says.
"Ethereal energies?" Corin asks.
"It's what Ethernodes use to manipulate the elements," Elise says, smiling.
"What are you talking about?" Corin asks, frowning.
"This is what I was going to show you," Elise says, holding the stone up. "I want you to hold it."
"Why?"
"Because I think it will help you understand," Elise says.
"What is an Ethernode" asked Jonah as he look towards Corin. "And why does he have to hold a gemstone?"
"Because he's one," Elise says, looking at him.
Jonah laughs. "One what?"
"An Ethernode."
"I don't get it."
"Corin is an Ethernode," Elise says. "He has special abilities."
Jonah looks at Corin and sees that his friend is frowning.
"He's an Ethernode?" Jonah asks, surprised. "But how?"
"I don't know," Elise says. "But he is."
"You're sure about this?" Jonah asks, glancing at Corin.
"Yes."
Jonah looks back at Elise, confused. "How did you find out?"
"I saw him manipulate the elements," she says, smiling. "It's hard to explain, but I've seen it before."
"What do you mean?" Jonah asks, frowning.
"I've seen him do it," Elise says, staring at him. "It's hard to describe, but he's an Ethernode."
"Are you sure?" Jonah asks, turning to Corin.
"No."
"What are you talking about?" Elise asks, frowning.
"He's not an Ethernode," Jonah says, shaking his head. "It's impossible."
"How do you know?" Elise asks.
"Because Ethernodes don't exist," Jonah replies. "They're a myth. And if he's an Ethernode, then that would mean..." He trails off, then looks at Corin. "But that's impossible."
"It doesn't have to be impossible," Elise says, smiling. "There is a reason for everything, and I believe this is what you've been looking for. It's time for you to take control of your life and make your own decisions. You deserve to be free from the expectations placed upon you."
"You're right," Jonah says, shaking his head. "I don't know how you know about Ethernodes, but I think you should leave."
"What?" Elise asks, frowning.
"This isn't something you can just tell Corin," Jonah says. 
"Hold on Jonah., Corin said "Let's hear her out. Tell me about the gemstone, the 'focus stone', and why you want to show it to me."
"Okay," Elise says, taking a deep breath. "I got this focus stone when I was young." She smiles. "I found it in the Whispering Woods."
"Whispering Woods?" Jonah asks.
"Yes," Elise says. "I found it when I was exploring the woods. In my secret place, filled with secrets."
Jonah glances at Corin, wondering if he knows what she's talking about. But he says nothing, just listens to her words.
"I've had it ever since," Elise says, smiling. "When I found the stone something happened. It triggered something in me."
"What do you mean?" Corin asks, frowning.
"I've always been sensitive to ethereal energy," Elise says. "But after I found the stone, I started to have powers." She holds up the focus stone. "I'm going to show you how it works."
Elise stands before Corin and Jonah, holding a focus stone in her hand. It is an emerald green gemstone, about the size of her palm. She feels its weight in her hand as she stares into Corin's eyes.
"Are you ready?" she asks, looking at him.
Corin nods.
Elise smiles. "Alright."
She raises her hand and touches the focus stone with her fingers. The moment she does, she feels energy coursing through her body. It feels like electricity, coursing through her veins.
She focuses on the stone, letting the energy fill her body. She can feel the energy moving through her, making her skin tingle.
"Corin," she says, staring at him. "Look into my eyes."
Corin frowns but obeys, meeting her gaze. She can see his confusion, and she knows that he wants to back away from her.
But she won't let him.
She stares into his eyes, feeling the energy building up inside her. She can hear it, in the background, whispering to her.
It's time to use your power, it says. Show them what you can do.
Elise breathes in, then lets the energy flow out of her body. It rushes through her veins, filling her with power. She can feel it, in her hands, as she raises them. She sees Corin watching her, his eyes wide.
"Corin," she says, smiling. "Watch what I can do."
She takes a deep breath, then opens her hands. Energy streams out of her palms, forming a small sphere in front of her. She can feel the energy pouring out of her, and it feels like a rush. She knows that this is going to change everything, but she can't stop.
She looks up, seeing the smile on Corin's face.
"That's amazing," he says, his eyes filled with wonder.
"I know," Elise says. "It's amazing."
She closes her eyes, feeling the energy flowing through her body. She can feel it, all around her, filling her up. It's like she's alive, and nothing can stop her now.
She opens her eyes and looks at Corin, smiling. He's staring at her, his eyes filled with awe.
"Now, watch what I can do," she says, raising her hand.
She focuses on the energy, letting it flow into her palm. It's like a river, rushing through her veins. She can feel it in her hands, but she has to let it out.
She takes a deep breath and imagines it flowing out of her. She imagines it coming out of her body, her arms, and her hands. She imagines the energy rushing through her fingers, leaving her body and flowing into the air.
She closes her eyes, feeling the energy pulsing through her. She can sense it, all around her, filling her up. She can hear it whispering to her, but she ignores it. She focuses only on what is happening inside her body.
"Corin," she says, opening her eyes.
"Watch that stick"
She points at a stick on the ground a few feet away.
The stick rises into the air and floats towards her. She smiles as she reaches out and catches it in her hand. The energy flows through her, into the stick. The stick feels like it is part of her body. As if they are one.
She can see Corin watching her, his eyes wide with wonder. He's staring at the stick, his mouth hanging open.
"What did you just do?" he asks, frowning.
"I made the stick float," she says. "I'm using ethereal energy."
"What is ethereal energy?" he asks.
"It's the power of Ethernodes," she says. "We have a special ability to control ethereal energy."
"We use these focus stones to hone that power so that we can use it easier" she said. "Otherwise, it would be too difficult."
"And you can control the stick?"
"Yes," she says, holding out her hand. "Watch what I can do."
She focuses on the stick in her hand. She can feel it, all around her, and she wants to use it. She wants to make it move.
She concentrates on the energy, feeling it coursing through her body. She imagines it moving out of her body, into the stick. She can feel it, like a river of power.
Then, she opens her hand. The energy flows out of her palm, into the stick. She feels it pulsing through her fingers, flowing into the stick. She watches as it moves, rising into the air.
Corin is staring at her, his mouth hanging open. He looks surprised, but he is also fascinated. She can see it in his eyes, the wonder.
"It's amazing," he says, shaking his head. "I can't believe it."
"I know," she says. "It's incredible."
"I thought Ethernodes were just a story," he says. "But you're really one."
"Yes," Elise says. "I am an Ethernode."
"But how?"
"I don't know," Elise says, frowning. "I was born with these powers."
Jonah moved over to Corin, "What is going on?" "Who is she and what does she want with you?" "How did she know about the focus stone?" "And what's an Ethernode?"
Corin stared at his friend, stunned by the sudden outburst.
"She said she was an Ethernode," he replied, feeling confused.
"That doesn't make any sense," Jonah said. "There are no Ethernodes."
"That's what I thought," Corin said.
Jonah shook his head, "You can't be serious. We're talking about Ethernodes here. They're a myth."
"I don't know," Corin said, glancing at Elise. "I mean, I never believed it until now."
"But how can you be sure?" Jonah asked, frowning.
"I guess I'm not," Corin replied.
Jonah stared at him, his eyes wide. "Are you okay?"
"I'm fine," Corin said, looking at Elise. "I think I need to go home."
"Alright," Jonah said, staring at Elise. "But I don't trust her."
"I know," Corin said, frowning.
He walked towards Elise, who smiled at him. She was holding the focus stone in her hand.
"Thank you," she said, smiling.
"What for?" he asked, frowning.
"For believing me," she replied. "I know that it's a lot to take in."
"You're not lying, are you?"
"No," she said, shaking her head. "I'm not. I'm not lying."
